Editorial pass (#283)
tfpauly/privacy-proxy: draft-ietf-intarea-proxy-config.md

# Security Considerations {#sec-considerations}

The mechanisms in this document allow clients using a proxy to "upgrade" a configuration

> for an insecure proxy into a configuration for using TLS to communication to the proxy.

Reviewer: I think "insecure proxy" term needs to be defined or replaced with something more precise.
I suspect you are referring to cleartext HTTP/1 proxy?

Author: ```suggestion
for a cleartext HTTP/1.1 or SOCKS proxy into a configuration that uses TLS to communication to the proxy.
```
